Remove the newton_kamino preset from Reach tasks (#6941)
isaac-sim/IsaacLab: source/isaaclab_tasks/changelog.d/antoiner-remove-reach-kamino-preset.major.rst

Removed
^^^^^^^

* **Breaking:** Removed the ``newton_kamino`` physics preset from
  :class:`~isaaclab_tasks.core.reach.reach_env_cfg.ReachPhysicsCfg`, so ``Isaac-Reach-Franka``,
  ``Isaac-Reach-Franka-OSC`` and ``Isaac-Reach-UR10`` no longer accept ``physics=newton_kamino``.

>   Use ``physics=newton_mjwarp`` (the default) instead, or re-declare a task-local

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Use ``physics=newton_mjwarp`` (the default) instead, or redeclare a task-local
```
